Lua Script Util (LIB) - Version 10.12.31
This module provides utility functions for working with Lua scripts and LuaRocks.

Functions
run_lua_script(lua_cmd, *args)
Executes a Lua script using the specified Lua interpreter command and optional arguments.

lua_cmd (list): The command to execute the Lua script, including the Lua interpreter executable and any additional arguments.
*args (str): Optional arguments to pass to the Lua script.
Returns the output of the Lua script if it succeeds. Raises a RuntimeError if an error occurs while executing the Lua script.

search_luarocks(query)
Searches for LuaRocks modules using the specified query.

query (str): The search query for LuaRocks modules.
Downloads the first module found (if any) and saves it as a .rock file. Prints messages indicating the status of the search and download operations.

lua_terminal()
Opens a Lua terminal by executing the Lua interpreter command.

get_lua_version()
Returns the version of the Lua interpreter.

Returns the Lua version as a string if the command succeeds. Raises a RuntimeError if an error occurs while executing the Lua interpreter command.

luacreate(script_name)
Creates an empty Lua script file with the specified name.

script_name (str): The name of the Lua script file to create.
If a file with the same name already exists, prompts the user for confirmation before overwriting it.

luarun(script_path, *args)
Runs a Lua script using the specified script file path and optional arguments.

script_path (str): The path to the Lua script file to run.
*args (str): Optional arguments to pass to the Lua script.
Returns the output of the Lua script if it succeeds. Raises a RuntimeError if an error occurs while executing the Lua script.

luascriptcompilation(script_path, output_path)
Compiles a Lua script using the luac compiler.

script_path (str): The path to the Lua script file to compile.
output_path (str): The desired path for the compiled output file.
Returns the output of the compilation process if it succeeds. Raises a RuntimeError if an error occurs while compiling the Lua script.

wluarun(script_path, *args)
Runs a Lua script using the wlua interpreter command.

script_path (str): The path to the Lua script file to run.
*args (str): Optional arguments to pass to the Lua script.
Returns the output of the Lua script if it succeeds. Raises a RuntimeError if an error occurs while executing the Lua script.

Dependencies
This module requires the following dependencies:

os module from the Python Standard Library
requests library for making HTTP requests
bs4 (BeautifulSoup) library for parsing HTML
Make sure to install these dependencies before using the module.
